Hello everybody, I am die Hey, show Hama, one of the cultures of this smart cities workshop, working with champion of smart cities cars are Shira.
Also, co chair of publishing business group at W three C and W three C's evangelist publishing and CEO of media do international based in San Diego.
I will talk about using smart technology to bring digital transformation to the publishing business in Japan, primary goal is to seek core existence of real and digital dx of the publishing industries, is the other mass to happen in Japan.
Unlikely global.
global. And then we see coexistence of a real legacy business and digital sort of a disruptive and body or publishing for audiences should be expanded and upscaled at the same time.
Now that the other, sometimes even though we see decline of our bookstores, or we feel, make use of the other more bookstores in Japan. There are 5000, plus bookstores existing and 35,000 stores, which just selling books and magazines courses are in people's
billion stores, which just selling books and magazines, considering people's lifestyle, almost seamlessly go back and forth between real and online on the cove Ed.
We should make more better opportunities for people's lifestyle, based on that. So while we want to propose here is utilizing wot.
We will implement interoperability and value added services between real and online in publishing business.
This shows the circle that will enable reviving values of books bookstores, by having technologies to improve publishing creativity. Does real and digital can stimulate each other for users, new experiences, which are expand and we innovate the publishing.
We will build bring new opportunities such as publishers to make use of their editorial and creative process to not only produce books, but also yield more value added products by using technologies and ecosystem, such as an empty to entice users to revisit
bookstores for new hybrid book with an fd ebooks, which you will enjoy by mobile apps, and then the users will be recognized by publishers and bookstores, again, new real digital coexistence cycle here.
Here's a case that you can find the print book with digital supplement at our real bookstores and father enjoyment enabled on smartphones and ft.
I suppose, nobody need needs to be explained here.
I just heard, for instance, news yesterday that the founder of a web made available, or easy now called us to create the modern internet as an MFD
features of NFTS. Users can freely transfer and sell ownership can be viewed by anyone, even the issuer cannot delete the NFP
best product that protected digital collection, can be enabled by an fd.
We want to create a fund talk.
You know the NFC stands for non fungible talk.
Using the NFC made for fans interest in particular content with digital protection.
Here this explains how best found poker can serve for real. And this is all co existence.
With FNFT, special spin of content product merchandise could be produced to value added to the original book.
So, three book will no longer just a standard standard long collection of knowledge.
It is a mothership of real digital coexistence full body enabled book products.
So, we will just make this happen.
originated in Japan for the publishing industry, and then hope to expand to the world.
Globally, for the sake of anti are publishing and creating communities.
We will be faithful to the cycle of real. This is our co existence and stimulating each other to upscale for the enjoyment of the people in Japan, and around the world.
Thank you very much.